After a helish journey of 24 hours through the impenetrable woods, gats looked at the forbidden castle at a distance. The castle's defenses seemed to be well protected. A powerful sword, from which I could see just where it had been struck from, flew into their hand and threw them into the air. Their only resistance would be running away with their lives. A black, sharp blade swung out of my hand, a bolt shot out of my forearm, and an arrow ran into my eye.

"Damn him, boy."

What should have been the first of the two failed attempts to escape. It was like he had just left a knife in his backpack, or his last hope for revenge. All the while, I felt my eyes slowly open. No one but the person in the castle was standing here, holding their breath. I was so tired. I could barely breathe, but I got sick of my usual painkillers and tried to get up again. Still, I could only endure an inch of this before I slipped through the castle gate.

I quickly turned my back to the dark forest and took a peek at the ruins in the distance. As soon as I saw a few buildings, I knew from the look on their faces that they were the same ones left behind by the bandits. The castle would never be the same again.

They were actually trying to seize the treasure we all wanted to give, which would also be one of the last opportunities for me to obtain my identity.

What could be so important to them? Their magic wouldn't let them enter the castle, and I know that all I really have here is a single stone. How long will this be before another adventurer manages to destroy a piece of the castle.

I wanted to be as close to his hands as possible, and to be the last one to see him. I wanted him to know that I am no mere servant of he, and that I was already prepared for the fight. I was going to continue on my path, but I still had a job to do. I went into one of the barracks holding the keys necessary for that.

There was a huge gate leading into the basement with the same black magic that I had used before. There was another door at the other end of the main hall with a white magic gate, and there was a large statue of a man who was standing here. In the light of the flickering light I could see that the statue was carrying a dagger, that had sharp teeth and a sharp blade. In the dim forest in the distance, I could still make out the figure was a man.

"This is it, boy! This is my last chance!"

"Oh, boy! Just remember to tell me you're coming! He's a coward."

"You know, boy, the only thing I know is that I really shouldn't be here."

As they stood up, one of them asked in a gulp of air. He gave me a confused look. Is he actually smiling a lot? He's wearing a sword and was carrying an arrow. The other man raised his head and stared at me. He probably knows what's going on.

"Why can't you stay?" he asked.

"Because I don't have time to think about this!" I replied dumbly.

The one who shouted the next question was a girl who looked younger than me.

After she talked long enough, the other man and I both got up and walked quickly around into the alley. With no one in sight, we walked off with two men.

"Alright…" I said at that moment in time. "We came to search."

"Why are you looking for me? No, no, no, I… I'm not looking for you. I'm here to kill you so you can just leave right now!"

"Right, alright."

"Why isn't there anyone else? How does it not frighten me that you're all just trying to hurt me?"

"I'm not really scared of you. Why do you think it would do anything to scare me anyway?"

"We're not afraid of each other," said the older boy.

"What are you thinking?"

"Do you have anything to say to me? Don't worry about it. There's no one in this castle to know about the other, so I won't mind you being scared. If you tell anyone, I would have to kill you, right?"

As we walked for a while, my thoughts turned to revenge. What should I do now?

I realized what I already knew what I had. I decided to go ahead and tell the man what I was thinking. What is this about revenge? Why is he making this point